Apothecary: The Apothecary utilizes a unique mechanic involving the use of Elixir tokens. He is a walking treasure-trove of elixirs, tonics, and other concoctions. It would be foolish, however, to assume that the Apothecary is a mere peddler of potions; many a foe has made that mistake, only to find themselves choked with poison gas. Through the use of Elixirs, the Apothecary can heal and support his party on a steady basis. His unique Smoking Vials weapon can produce surprising damaging results. Progression provides more supportive abilities in healing and combat.

Bard: The Bard uses his melody and harmony tokens to trigger a vast array of beneficial effects. Almost all skills have two effects – one if the melody token is on the card and the other if the harmony token is on the card. By changing his song, the Bard can trigger new abilities in the heat of battle, making sure that the heroes always have the inspiration they need to triumph over the overlord. Through the majesty of song, the Bard recovers fatigue and heals fellow party members. Progression enhances the potency of the music for not only support to the party but also to the detriments of enemies. And yes, you start with a Lute.

Battlemage: The Battlemage has a talent for the more physical arts of war and worked to develop their martial skills while augmenting those skills with magic. He has learned how to forge his runestones into Planar Weapons, turning them into dual-wielding melee weapons and giving them more surges. He has also learned how to weave rune magic into armor itself, increasing health the more magical he becomes. The Battlemage is also near invincible as they absorb life energy from the very foes they slay before they die.

Beastmaster: The Beastmaster is a mighty hunter of unparalleled skill, and with his loyal Wolf familiar at his side, he's prepared to stalk his prey through any wilderness. With two one-handed starting weapons and his Wolf familiar, he has the advantage of variety and numerous attacks each turn. His bond with his Wolf provides great benefits in deadly combat.

Berserker: The Berserker is a heavy damage dealing rage filled nightmare to his enemy and progression provides more opportunities to attack and deal damage. This playstyle revolves around high damage and bonuses for using a melee weapon.

Bounty Hunter: The Bounty Hunter excels at tracking a single monster before moving in for the kill. Monsters throughout Terrinoth would be wise to fear any Scout trained as a Bounty Hunter. A Bounty Hunter's Class cards make his hunts even more deadly. This class' main feature is tracking, done through the usage of the Tracking Token (1), which is placed on the base of the chosen monster during gameplay. This allows the Bounty Hunter to restrict and deal high damage to a single focused target. Through the use of tracking, the Bounty Hunter is a highly strategic and efficient killer. Monsters within his line of sight can be tracked for later gains. To start, he deals greater damage to tracked monsters. His tracking also progresses to allow him to further hinder enemies' movement and deal even greater damage. He is also quite the formidable jack of all trades progressing his attack, defense, movement and search capabilities.

Champion: The Champion class involves the use of Valor tokens, which are used to activate its skills and given to other heroes. Through the use of Valor, his inspiring presence grants the entire party increased damage dealing. Progression provides further group benefits including restored healing, fatigue and more. 

Conjurer: The Conjurer replicates himself through illusory means called images. Using these images, he can hamper enemies movement and extend the range of his magical attacks. His use of images progresses to enhance crowd control and enemy damage while keeping them a safe distance from his party. The Conjurer stands ready to distract the overlord's monsters with his image tokens (4), which are used for any number of tricks, such as redirecting his line of sight, slowing down monsters, or granting himself more dice for attack or defense. All image tokens are treated as hero figures that roll a grey defense die. If the image takes any damage or fatigue, it is discarded, and you suffer one damage and one fatigue.

Disciple: The Disciple is similar to traditional clerics, specializing in healing their allies and punishing their enemies with divine justice. His holy faith gives his party righteous benefits of healing and other supportive benefits. With the use of his weapon and shield, he can still hold his own. Progression provides for greater holy healing and smiting abilities.

Geomancer: The Geomancer is a wizard dedicated to the elemental power of earth, summoning a stone sentry familiar by manipulating the earth to do his bidding. A skilled Geomancer can use the earth below his enemies against them, wielding lava and stone at his whim. The summoned stone acts as an obstacle, provides benefits and can even perform attacks. Progression provides up to 3 stone sentry familiars with greater crowd control benefits.

Hexer: The Hexer is a "de-buffing" class capable of making overlord's minions pay for every step they take by using Hex tokens, which mark a monster for different damage enhancing purposes. With an arsenal of plagues, curses, and other afflictions at his command, the Hexer is a grim reminder that even the most objectionable forms of magic can be used in the name of good. Through strategic use of his hexes, he can deal heavy damage to powerful opponents and progression provides even greater damage and debuffs.

Knight: The Knight is the tank with more starting defense than any other warrior. He also possess abilities to take the brunt of the damage to protect others. This playstyle revolves around facilitating movement and taking and resisting damage. Progression provides greater control over protecting his allies while damaging his enemies.

Marshal: The Marshal dispenses justice and punishes the wrongdoer anywhere in Terrinoth. Marshals focus on stopping evil where they find it, and you'll quickly find ways to make the overlord pay for his wicked deeds. The Marshal defines the term larger than life. His mere presence in battle and the ultimate justice he serves will be any monster's undoing. He reactively deals damage to any monster near him that dares attack his team. As he progresses, his vigilance and area of effect damage grows more deadly. His epic and just retribution even extends to hinder the Overlord himself.

Monk: The Monk likes to fight with his bare hands and no armor, and meditates between fights. He gets bonuses for doing so.

Necromancer: The Necromancer characterizes itself by the use of the Reanimate familiar, which is treated as a figure and can be upgraded through the skill cards. He reanimates the dead and heals whenever he kills an enemy. With the Reanimate familiar, he gains even more attack and progresses to increase the power and abilities of the Reanimate familiar.

Prophet: The Prophet's insight provides him and his team with powerful healing properties. He has several skills that interact with the Insight Token, which itself doesn't have an inherent function but starts in the hero's play area. During a game, it is either in the Prophet's play area or one of the player's Hero sheets. It can be discarded from a Hero sheet to the Prophet's play area to be used for the Prophet's skills, which typically provide various bonuses to the hero. Progression provides even more healing support as well as mitigating attack results and even cheating defeat.

Runemaster: The Runemaster's playstyle revolves around enhancing the attacks made by a rune weapon, like gaining blast or surge bonuses. Through the use of his magic rune, he deals heavy damage with great potential to pierce armor and progress to levels of even greater damage and wide area effects that damage multiple targets.

Shadow Walker: The Shadow Walker can use his Shadow Soul familiar to undermine the overlord's plans, and gains The Shadow Walker indirect tactical bonuses in combat. A Shadow Soul can only move slowly, but its very presence drains the life from nearby monsters. By moving the Shadow Soul into the heart of conflict, a Shadow Walker can quickly dispatch a group of monsters. Progression provides the Shadow Soul with many more benefits including more combat, searching, recovery, movement, and damage.

Skirmisher: The Skirmisher is light and fast, but still capable of dealing out damage. While some Warriors perform best when given one enormous weapon, the Skirmisher excels with a weapon in each hand -- he defines dual-handed proficiency with incredible speed and the deadliest strikes. Even the overlord's most powerful minions will quickly learn to fear the speed and power of the Skirmisher. This class focuses on bonuses for attacking with one handed weapons and additional movement. Progression provides matchless speed and lethal killing efficiency with his two one-handed weapons.

Spiritspeaker: The Spiritspeaker exists in harmony with the surrounding environment, able to commune with nature and the spirits. While useful as healers, they are not specialized in it like the Disciple. The Spiritspeaker is closer to a white mage, using abilities to buff up allies and discourage attackers. He can manipulate spiritual energy to modify defensive and combative results to support his party. He progresses to change the odds ever more in his party's favor in combat.

Stalker: The Stalker is an authority on traps and lures and excels at hastily constructing deadly contraptions to poison, explode, or otherwise incapacitate her unwary foes. As a class its main feature is the laying of trap tokens through the terrain, and skills that interact with them. The Stalker starts with a Trap Token supply (6). Each time the Stalker uses an ability that places one Trap Token, she takes one from the supply and places it on the map. Trap Tokens do not block movement or line of sight. Through strategic placement of traps, she influences a wide area providing advantages to attacks. Progression provides further benefits to attacks as well as searching, recovering fatigue, gaining surges and even health and stamina.

Steelcaster: The Steelcaster is an expert at protecting themselves and their compatriots, willing to take massive amounts of damage to protect the other heroes in their party. Importantly, the Steelcaster can do what no other class can do, which is using powerful Runes with highly defensive Heavy Armor. The Steelcaster can extend this protection to his fellow heroes through his magical powers, from a distance.

Thief: The Thief is tricky, lucky and has a knack for sniffing out treasures. His playstyle revolves around enhancing its capacity to collect search tokens and sneaking around the map. He progresses his skills to work his way in, out or around matters more easily and increase damage to his foes.

Treasure Hunter: The Treasure Hunter may be avaricious and excel at claiming wealth and uncovering relics, but he's more than capable of defending himself – and his newfound riches – should his situation demand it. His wit and familiarity with his surroundings grants him damage benefits and unmatched treasure hunting advantages.

Watchman: The Watchman specializes in giving other heros boosts on their turn, as long as they are in the Watchman's line of sight.

Wildlander: The Wildlander is incredibly nimble, and deadly at long distance combat due to his mastery with the bow. His playstyle revolves around additional movement and bonuses when using a Bow weapon. He progresses to evade enemies more effectively and even deadlier from an even farther distance.
