Apothecary: The Apothecary utilizes a unique mechanic involving the use of Elixir tokens. He is a walking treasure-trove of elixirs, tonics, and other concoctions. It would be foolish, however, to assume that the Apothecary is a mere peddler of potions; many a foe has made that mistake, only to find themselves choked with poison gas.

Bard: The Bard uses his melody and harmony tokens to trigger a vast array of beneficial effects. Almost all skills have two effects – one if the melody token is on the card and the other if the harmony token is on the card. By changing his song, the Bard can trigger new abilities in the heat of battle, making sure that the heroes always have the inspiration they need to triumph over the overlord.

Battlemage: The Battlemage has a talent for the more physical arts of war and worked to develop their martial skills while augmenting those skills with magic. He has learned how to forge his runestones into Planar Weapons, turning them into dual-wielding melee weapons and giving them more surges. He has also learned how to weave rune magic into armor itself, increasing health the more magical he becomes. The Battlemage is also near invincible as they absorb life energy from the very foes they slay before they die.

Beastmaster: The Beastmaster is a mighty hunter of unparalleled skill, and with his loyal wolf familiar at his side, he's prepared to stalk his prey through any wilderness.

Berserker: The Berserker's playstyle revolves around high damage and bonuses for using a melee weapon.

Bounty Hunter: The Bounty Hunter excels at tracking a single monster before moving in for the kill. Monsters throughout Terrinoth would be wise to fear any Scout trained as a Bounty Hunter. A Bounty Hunter's Class cards make his hunts even more deadly. This class' main feature is tracking, done through the usage of the Tracking Token (1), which is placed on the base of the chosen monster during gameplay. This allows the Bounty Hunter to restrict and deal high damage to a single focused target.

Champion: The Champion class involves the use of Valor tokens, which are used to activate its skills. These tokens can also be given to other heroes. With some of his skills, the Champion can allow others to, for example, add one to an attack result.

Conjurer: The Conjurer stands ready to distract the overlord's monsters with his image tokens (4), which are used for any number of tricks, such as redirecting his line of sight, slowing down monsters, or granting himself more dice for attack or defense. All image tokens are treated as hero figures that roll a grey defense die. If the image takes any damage or fatigue, it is discarded, and you suffer one damage and one fatigue.

Disciple: The Disciple is similar to traditional clerics, specializing in healing their allies and punishing their enemies with divine justice.

Geomancer: The Geomancer is a wizard dedicated to the elemental power of earth, summoning up to 3 stone sentries to do his bidding. A skilled Geomancer can use the earth below his enemies against them, wielding lava and stone at his whim.

Hexer: The Hexer is a "de-buffing" class capable of making overlord's minions pay for every step they take by using Hex tokens, which mark a monster for different damage enhancing purposes. With an arsenal of plagues, curses, and other afflictions at his command, the Hexer is a grim reminder that even the most objectionable forms of magic can be used in the name of good.

Knight: The Knight's playstyle revolves around facilitating movement and taking and resisting damage.

Marshal: The Marshal dispenses justice and punishes the wrongdoer anywhere in Terrinoth. Marshals focus on stopping evil where they find it, and you’ll quickly find ways to make the overlord pay for his wicked deeds.

Monk: The Monk likes to fight with his bare hands and no armor, and meditates between fights. He gets bonuses for doing so.

Necromancer: The Necromancer characterizes itself by the use of the Reanimate familiar, which is treated as a figure and can be upgraded through the skill cards.

Prophet: The Prophet has several skills that interact with the Insight Token, which itself doesn't have an inherent function but starts in the hero's play area. During a game, it is either in the Prophet's play area or one of the player's Hero sheets. It can be discarded from a Hero sheet to the Prophet's play area to be used for the Prophet's skills, which typically provide various bonuses to the hero.

Runemaster: The Runemaster's playstyle revolves around enhancing the attacks made by a rune weapon, like gaining blast or surge bonuses.

Shadow Walker: The Shadow Walker can use his Shadow Soul familiar to undermine the overlord's plans. A Shadow Soul can only move slowly, but its very presence drains the life from nearby monsters. By moving the Shadow Soul into the heart of conflict, a Shadow Walker can quickly dispatch a group of monsters.

Skirmisher: The Skirmisher is light and fast, but still capable of dealing out damage. While some Warriors perform best when given one enormous weapon, the Skirmisher excels with a weapon in each hand. Even the overlord's most powerful minions will quickly learn to fear the speed and power of the Skirmisher. This class focuses on bonuses for attacking with one handed weapons and additional movement.

Spiritspeaker: The Spiritspeaker exists in harmony with the surrounding environment, able to commune with nature and the spirits. While useful as healers, they are not specialized in it like the Disciple. The Spiritspeaker is closer to a white mage, using abilities to buff up allies and discourage attackers.

Stalker: The Stalker is an authority on traps and lures and excels at hastily constructing deadly contraptions to poison, explode, or otherwise incapacitate her unwary foes. As a class its main feature is the laying of trap tokens through the terrain, and skills that interact with them. The Stalker starts with a Trap Token supply (6). Each time the Stalker uses an ability that places one Trap Token, they take one from the supply and places it on the map. Trap Tokens do not block movement or line of sight.

Steelcaster: The Steelcaster is an expert at protecting themselves and their compatriots, willing to take massive amounts of damage to protect the other heroes in their party. Importantly, the Steelcaster can do what no other class can do, which is using powerful Runes with highly defensive Heavy Armor. The Steelcaster can extend this protection to his fellow heroes through his magical powers, from a distance.

Thief: The Thief's playstyle revolves around enhancing its capacity to collect search tokens and sneaking around the map.

Treasure Hunter: The Treasure Hunter and may be avaricious and excel at claiming wealth and uncovering relics, but he's more than capable of defending himself – and his newfound riches – should his situation demand it.

Watchman: The Watchman specializes in giving other heros boosts on their turn, as long as they are in the Watchman's line of sight.

Wildlander: The Wildlander's playstyle revolves around additional movement and bonuses when using a Bow weapon.